You know, I'm old enough to remember back to simpler, more innocent times, when the worst thing you'd hear about on the news was hijacked jet liners flying into buildings.

Mondays aren't actually worse than any other day according to a group of researchers who've never read a Garfield comic.

Two women accused of using sorcery have been beheaded in a remote village in Papua New Guinea. A team of police rushed to the scene but were forced to stand by and watch the victims being decapitated by axes as locals refused to let them come to their aid. If you ever go to a remote village in Papua New Guinea, at all costs avoid using sorcery!

Health officials in Texas raided the home of 60 year old sisters and found over 100 cats. The cats are named Bootsy, Lola, Tippy, Cornelia, Fluffy, Minerva, Ringo, Jasper, Charlie, Spanky, Snooks, Doodle, Wally Happy-pants, Zeke, Veronica, Dolly, Clyde, Ajax, Rusty, Puff-ball, Snuffy, Sylvia, Mr. Moody, Leonardo, Zeke, Tawana, Evinrude, Nimrod, Sylvester, Skee-ball, Toots, Jupiter, Lady Agatha, Murgatroyd, Lula-belle, Newton, Felix, Smurfette...

The street drug 'Special K' has been found to be an excellent treatment for depression. This according to the New England Journal of Gary Busey.

A new study found that men with beards are more attractive. More great work from the University of Bob Seger.

In my opinion if you're going to fight the war on terror, a good place to start would be this nation's haunted houses!

I think there's nothing cooler than being a lone wolf. Except at wolf-picnics when you don't have a partner for the wolf-wheelbarrow races.

A journey of a thousand miles begins with your first step... but ends with you collapsing a thousand miles away, probably in some desert somewhere.

Now I don't know much about geopolitics, but that is one cool name for a country: 'Chad'.

Yo momma's so fat she developed type-2 diabetes and congestive heart failure! Snap!

When I die I want my body donated to science. But more specifically, a scientist who is working on bringing dead guys back to life.

Here's a really easy way to figure out if you're taking too many meds: You refer to your medication as 'meds'.

Know who's even crazier than cat ladies? Snake ladies!

A 89 year old Washington man fought off a robber with a golf club, though to be fair, the only reason the guy was swinging a golf club was because he mistook the robber for the grim spectre of death.

When I was a child my parents told me my uncle was 'sleeping with the fishes' which at the time I assumed meant that he bought a waterbed... but then I found out he had been killed and his body buried at sea.

My father was recently diagnosed with shingles which is a terrible sickness that usually only affects roofs.

Growing up I had a dog with an eating disorder, he wouldn't eat my homework.

I want to take this moment to endorse podiums. Now, that's a product I can stand behind!

You know the funniest part about doing an office conga line? When you look back and realise you're doing it alone and you're not in an office, you're in a psychiatric hospital.

I thought I was going to be rich, but it turns out there isn't much call for radish cider.

Researchers have discovered that cockroaches have personalities. Not great ones, mind you.

I need to have glasses to see my family. Specifically, two glasses... of scotch!

I signed up for my company's 401k but I don't think I can run that far.

I wouldn't call myself a fan of 'steampunk', but I will say it's the healthiest way to prepare punk.

If I was grading constellations, my review and description for Orion's Belt would be just three stars.

I know I'm not the most attractive man in the world, when women look at me I can tell they're over-dressing me with their eyes.

I've never been on top of the latest trends. When everyone was burning CDs I was still burning books.

They say curiosity killed the cat but I don't think we should rule out that shifty-lookin' kid next door...

When I grew up, my family was so poor we didn't have a pot to piss in, so we pissed in other people's pots. We'd break into people's houses in the dead of night, find people's pots and take a giant piss in them because we had accumulated full bladders from holding down urine all day long from waiting to piss in people's pots.

A hippo's mouth is wide enough to fit a four foot tall child, unfortunately after measuring the hippo's mouth almost all the children were eaten.

I made a bad business decision, started an online business, you know what I sold? Brick & Mortar.

Did you know every planet in our solar system is named after a god? Except Earth which is named after that stuff on the ground.

I was once trapped on a desert island and to be honest, the five albums I brought didn't help a goddamn thing.

If you can’t handle me when I’m covered in the blood of a boar I’ve just sacrificed to the Gods, then you don’t deserve me during the bountiful harvest that will result.

When I was a kid I walked in on my parents having sex. It was the most embarrassing 30 minutes of my life.

If you fight fire with fire, there's only one winner: America's powerful fire lobby.

Let's be honest, most people you see going skinny dipping are actually just going dipping.

Now I ain't saying she's a gold digger, but she does have several shovels, picks and panning sluices strapped to her burro.

A lot of people stress out about getting crows' feet, but personally I would be more concerned about their long, razor-sharp beaks.

Boy... how my mom worked all day, cared for me, put food on the table, and killed all those drifters is really something.

The most disturbing thing about Disneyland is seeing all those smiling people walking around wearing Mickey Mouse's severed scalp.

I wonder who's buried in the grave of the guy who invented the Ol' Switcheroo.

Nobody tells me what I can or can't eat, least of all some guy who's job is labelling packets of silica gel.

I read a story about a 17 year old kid who stole a plane, crashed it, and survived. Why don't we make the whole plane out of that kid?

I love Lou Gehrig, but I'm not going to stand up in front of a million people and brag that I'm the luckiest man in the world because some doctors named a disease after me. Confidence is one thing, but arrogance is the worst disease of them all.

I used to think revenge was a dish best served cold, but then I realized it meant 'getting back at somebody'.

Music is the universal language, but one day soon it will be replaced by Chinese.

In the coffee shop line today I hear the guy behind me say "I like to start by biting the ears off" and I had to pray "Please God, let him be talking about a chocolate Easter bunny!"

Albert Fish was born May 19th in New York City in 1870. He was known as 'The Gray Man' and 'The Werewolf of Wisteria'. He was a serial killer who slayed children and ate them. When police asked a woman to describe him she said he was "gray in both appearance and demeanour". The child rapist and cannibal Fish boasted that he had children in every state. He only chose victims who were either mentally handicapped or African American. Fish tortured, mutilated and murdered the youngsters with a meat cleaver, a butcher's knife and a small handsaw, solidifying his reputation as the most vicious child slayer in criminal history. Though barely literate, Fish wrote taunting letters to the parents of his victims gruesomely detailing how he slayed, butchered, cooked and then with great enjoyment dined on their offspring. He would inevitably declare that a child's roasted rump was the most toothsome dish in all gastronomy. Additionally, Fish was a masochist and would insert wool doused with lighter fluid into his own anus and set it alight for his own enjoyment. Fish was finally arrested and he immediately began confessing to killing 700 children. He was dizzyingly happy, smiling as he described the grisly details of the tortures and the murders appearing to the detectives 'as the devil himself'... I mean this guy was a real jerk!

The obituaries are concerning me because people are dying in alphabetical order.

My doctor told me I should start juicing. The problem is I don't think he meant ham juice.

I'm so fat that when I get my shoes shined I have to take the bootblack's word for it!

It takes forever to get a pilot's license, but it only takes a couple of minutes to steal a pilot's jacket and hat.

Call me crazy, but I take orders from Martians who send secret messages beamed out from the antenna at the top of the Empire State Building.
